Eggs 0.2.2 (#17)
nestdotland/docs: docs/eggs/dependency-tree.md

# Dependency tree

It can be tricky to visualize the dependencies of a project using our registry.

> Indeed, the `deno info` command displays the arweave URLs and this is to be expected because that's where the files are located.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `deno info` command displays the arweave URLs, and this is to be expected because that is where the files are located.
```
